[narrator] Previously on
Captain Tsubasa...
Tsubasa and the others
worked hard
for their next match against
Genzo and his team.
Each one of them made
their best effort,
and kept getting better
with each passing day.
But so did Genzo.
He underwent rough training
for the match as well,
preparing himself for
his rival,
Tsubasa's arrival.
[Genzo] I'm looking forward
our match, Tsubasa Ozora.
[narrator] Meanwhile,
Taro and his father
finally arrived
in Nankatsu,
the new school
he's transferring to.
He seems to be really good.
[narrator] Everybody's here.
The time has come.
The showdown between
Tsubasa and Genzo
is about to begin.
Buckle up, everyone!
[narrator] Episode 6:
Kick-off!
Nankatsu vs. Shutetsu.
April 22nd,
Shutetsu Elementary School.
Nankatsu Elementary
is ready for
the Inter-school Tournament.
One point.
The match is over.
-Aww!
[narrator]
It wasn't long before
the fierce competition
between
the two schools started.
They put their reputation
- on the line,
-Fight on,
- in the middle of
-Shutetsu!
- passionate chants.
-Let's go, Shutetsu!
-Hooray... Hooray...
-Nan-katsu!
[cheering]
Strike!
Oh...
Hey, do you know what
happened to Sanae?
I don't have a clue.
What's she doing at
an important time like this?
Forget about that,
and cheer harder, guys!
Yes, sir!
Let's go to
their game later.
Yeah. I heard this year's
Nankatsu basketball club
is in good form.
-Huh?
[kid 4]
Oh, the soccer club.
Finally!
We got here!
Where have you guys been?
You're so irresponsible.
You missed
the opening ceremony.
[chuckles]
We were having practice
right up until
the last minute.
We went over our strategy.
Right, Tsubasa?
Yeah.
It's time for the match.
I'll be able
to challenge him.
Genzo and I will have
a real match.
Man, this year's schedule
has soccer
as the last event.
[Ryo] We have to wait a lot
until then.
Everyone, how about
we go check out
the other clubs' matches
in the meantime.
-Sure!
Well, there's no way
we can win
the inter-school tournament
this year.
-I dare you to say that
-[gasp]
in front of me.
-You're making fun of
-[laughing]
-the soccer club, aren't you?
-[laugh]
-[kid 3] No, we're not!
Make yourself at home.
This will be our fort
for now.
Wow.
Hey, look, Dad, the scenery
is nice from here.
Hmm...
[chuckles]
Taro, let's get going.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm ready.
[Mrs. Ozora]
Roberto?
Huh?
[Roberto]
Mrs. Ozora!
What're you doing here
so early?
The soccer team
plays later.
There's a lot of time
until the match starts.
You're right. I just like
daydreaming here.
If I'm looking
at the empty field,
maybe I will see something.
Maybe I'll see one of
the infinite amounts
of Tsubasa's plays.
I'm really looking forward
to this game.
Practicing with him
and the team
these past few weeks
surprised me.
Tsubasa is just like me...
but in a different
day and age.
[Roberto] I think,
"move like this, aim there,"
and Tsubasa just does it.
He moves as if
he could read my mind.
I'm pretty sure
I'm going to feel like
I'm playing out there...
That gives me shivers.
When I see him...
I say to myself,
"he'll go far."
Tsubasa will be
a better player
than I ever got to be.
Hmm...
Make him the best.
He wants to be
the best soccer player
in the world.
What?
Tsubasa is always
talking about it,
he wants to be the best
soccer player to ever live.
That's his dream.
That's an ambitious dream
he's got.
But that makes it a dream
worth fighting for.
[chuckle]
[Roberto] Let's make
that dream come true.
I know we can
do it together, Tsubasa.
[chatter]
[announcer]
And now...
we will begin
the boy's 200-meter race.
[Tsubasa]
Huh, the 6th row is empty.
Oh, our runner got injured
and had to withdraw
from the race.
Hmm...
That being said, this year's
line-up is really bad.
Yeah. Take a look.
Shutetsu's won every time.
[runner 1]
What did you say?
-Huh?
Everyone at school knows
you guys won't
do any better.
What was that?
You're so bad,
you're known for
losing every match.
Last time, you lost
to Shutetsu
30 to 0, losers.
[growl]
On your marks, guys.
Shutetsu has Genzo.
He's the reason they won
without giving you
a single goal.
-You can't win
-[growling]
-if you don't score.
-[laughing]
-[growling]
[referee 1]
Ready?
-[growling]
-[bang]
And you think you could
do better, huh?
[gasp]
Is that Tsubasa?!
-Huh?
-Look over there!
What?
What in the world?!
It's amazing!
-Oh!
-Oh dear!
Huh?! Tsu-Tsubasa!
[announcer] What's he doing?
Who is this kid?
All of a sudden, a kid
dribbling a soccer ball
just bolted into the track.
What's going on?
-[baby laughing]
-[gasps]
He's from the soccer club?!
How can he be faster
than the track club kids?
[runner 2]
And he's dribbling the ball!
[announcer] All right,
all right, all right.
Here he comes!
The mysterious dribbling kid
has caught up!
[panting]
[announcer]
Incredible!
He's run ahead of the pack,
taking the lead in
an instant,
ladies and gentlemen.
-Awesome, Tsubasa!
-Whoa!
[announcer]
What a cornering technique
by the mysterious
dribbling kid!
Simply incredible!
He isn't losing any speed.
Is that kid even human?
He's too fast!
[announcer]
Here it is!
The last stretch
of the race!
All right, time for
the last sprint.
-[grunt]
-[announcer] Look at that!
The mysterious
dribbling kid...
He's speeding up.
Incredible!
Will he be able to
continue widening the gap?
Also, why's the track club
struggling so much?
-Go for it!
-Tsubasa!
You're about to win!
Do it, Tsubasa!
I did it!
[announcer]
Goal!
The winner of
the first race is
the mystery dribbling kid
on the 6th row!
-[cheering]
-That kid's fast.
[announcer]
I mean, really, guys?
All right,
the composition is done.
Then Dad, I'll go ahead
and check out my new school.
It's Nankatsu Elementary
this time, right?
Yes.
Oh!
Ah.
It's Matsuyama!
Hi! We miss you...
[narrator] Shutetsu
Elementary soccer stadium.
Yamabuki Elementary
soccer club.
Listen up!
Watch Shutetsu
closely today.
We need to get data on them.
-Yes, sir!
If we don't beat them
next game,
we can kiss
the nationals goodbye.
It'll be over for us.
-[Teppei] Shutetsu!
-Huh?
[cheering]
Hold on. I wonder if Genzo
will be playing today?
[Hanji] Of course
Genzo will be playing!
What'd you say?
[kid] Wait, you're...
Hanji, right?
From Nishigaoka?
Unlike you bunch
of losers,
we came to see Genzo
get humiliated.
He doesn't stand a chance
of winning today.
So don't act surprised
when Shutetsu loses
their match, would you?
That can't be!
[Koji]
Whoa...
It's an even match
right until the end!
Nankatsu versus Shutetsu...
Our overall score is a draw.
That means that...
this year's inter-school
tournament...
will be decided by
the soccer match?!
This is giving me
goosebumps, man!
All right, guys.
Let's give them
everything we have.
We need to cheer them on
with lots of energy.
-Yes, sir!
Huh?
Are you a transfer
student, perhaps?
Everybody's gone to
Shutetsu Elementary
for the tournament.
Shutetsu, you said?
Hmm...
[chuckle]
Today's finally
the day, huh?
Yeah, that's right.
I remember the day
I met you,
Genzo said he would
accept your challenge,
but only if it was through
an official match.
[Ryo]
On that day,
our journey
as teammates began.
What's the deal, Ryo?
Are you getting
emotional on us?
Yeah, I guess
I can't help it.
-Huh?
I know this sounds cheesy,
but, Tsubasa,
I'm glad I met you
when I did.
My heart's burning
with excitement,
I can't wait for the match.
I've never felt
so confident.
We're going to have
a great game.
I'm sure of it, Ryo.
Guys, I'm counting
on all of you.
Let's do our best.
-Yeah!
-Let's do our best.
Let's give it our all
and we'll win.
Yeah, you said it!
Look at you now, Captain.
You sound like
a real leader...
Uh...
[laughing]
Okay!
Let's do this, guys!
-Yeah!
[cheering]
-Ah!
-No way!
Nankatsu eleven!
We'll be cheering
you guys on!
There's so many people
watching.
Uh... My legs are starting
to shake, you guys.
Wait a second. I'm actually
going to play a match
in front of
all these people?
[Roberto] Isn't this
exciting, you guys?
Huh?
[Tsubasa]
Roberto!
What's wrong with
you guys?
The more people
come to watch,
the more exciting a game
it'll be.
But... But, sir...
Tsubasa, one day,
when you reach
the world stage,
the atmosphere here
won't even compare.
Uh-huh.
[cheering]
Huh?
[Ryo] They look like
they're used to it, huh?
Meanwhile,
our team looks like
a bunch of scaredy cats.
Genzo's not here yet.
Huh?!
It's a no for me, Coach.
We can't find
our captain anywhere.
Is that so?
We will adjust.
We'll play without
Genzo today.
Thankfully, Nankatsu isn't
a strong team,
so don't worry.
So do your best out there.
Yeah!
[announcer] Next in
the Inter-school Tournament
is Shutetsu Elementary
soccer club
versus Nankatsu Elementary
soccer club.
[cheering]
Why do I have to go
all the way to Shutetsu
to have myself enrolled
in Nankatsu, I wonder?
[Taro]
Uh... All right!
I'll kick the ball through
the wall and the pole
and make it bounce
back to me!
[grunt]
Watch out!
Oh!
You got lucky kid,
I can catch anything
without even having to look.
[kid 3] Are you serious?
Genzo hasn't shown up yet?
Yes, this might be
our chance.
If the genius goalkeeper
isn't here,
there is a chance
we can actually win.
Even if he was here,
our soccer club would
give them a very close game.
Yeah, I've seen them.
They've been
practicing nonstop.
They've really turned
things around this year.
[laughing]
You heard that?
What were you saying
about Genzo
getting humiliated again?
[growl]
This isn't what I expected.
I wonder what happened...
Is Genzo okay?
Maybe he was so afraid
of you that he ran away.
Your jokes are
as lame as ever, Ryo!
It's you, Genzo!
Huh?
Hey, Coach,
our captain is here!
Hm?
What... What's with you?
Listen, Tsubasa.
It's just like
I said before.
This match will also be
a personal challenge
to find out
once and for all,
if you really can score
on me!
Uh...
I won't just score
one goal on you.
Nankatsu will defeat
Shutetsu,
whatever it takes.
Oh! [grunt]
[growl]
Ah...
I guess
Nankatsu Elementary's
principal is here...
[Sanae]
Oh, you're dribbling!
You're dribbling
like Tsubasa!
Huh? Tsubasa?
Yes, Tsubasa.
If you're really
into soccer,
you have to check out
our star player, Tsubasa.
He's awesome.
-Huh?
-Come with me!
I'm going to be
cheering him on.
Oh! Wait up.
I need Nankatsu's principal.
Come with me.
I'm the leader of
the Nankatsu Elementary
cheering squad.
-Fight on! Fight on!
-Shutetsu!
-I guess Sanae
-Fight on!
-is not going to show up.
-Fight on! Shutetsu!
[Sanae]
Phew, I made it on time.
-Huh?
-[Koji] Sanae?!
-[Kazushige] Sanae?!
-Who's he?
Hey, look over there.
That's Tsubasa.
Ah...
Oh! It's that kid.
[Koji]
Hey, you there.
Oh?
Why are you with Sanae?
Uh... I just met her
at the entrance.
I'm actually transferring
to Nankatsu Elementary
today.
What? Transferring?
My name is Taro Misaki.
Nice to meet you.
Huh?
[Sanae]
Hooray! Hooray!
Tsubasa!
Fight on! Fight on!
-Hooray! Hooray!
-Sanae,
-Tsubasa!
-wait, listen!
-There she goes!
-[Sanae] Fight on!
-That's cool! It has
-Fight on!
-Tsubasa's name on it!
-Tsubasa!
Being so popular must be
really hard, huh, Tsubasa?
Hey, Tsubasa!
Do your best!
-Ooh!
-[Ryo] [chuckle] I bet!
I'm sorry for being late.
Are you ready?
Yes.
I'm counting on you,
Captain.
[Genzo]
Yes.
Listen to me, guys!
Whatever happens,
don't let Tsubasa score.
We have to stop him
from scoring.
Don't let him near the goal.
I want you all
to remember...
that this match is also
a personal challenge
between us.
- [Genzo] Shimada...
-I'm here!
-Nakamoto.
-Yes!
Don't worry about
the other players
on the field.
I want you two to
constantly mark Tsubasa,
no matter what.
-Yes.
-Understood.
As long as we keep him
outside the penalty area,
I'll have no problem.
We just have
to make sure
he doesn't get a chance
to shoot.
[laughing]
Listen up, guys.
Let's proceed
like we planned.
-Yeah!
All right!
Go out there
and have the time
of your lives, guys!
[cheering]
[announcer]
The players are in!
The last event of
the inter-school tournament
will begin.
The winner of the 26th
inter-school tournament
will be decided
by this match.
Do your best, Tsubasa!
You may not know now,
but this match will also be
-a showdown between
-[Sanae] Hurray!
-Tsubasa and Genzo.
-Hurray! Tsubasa!
Who is Genzo?
-Right there.
-[Sanae] Fight on!
-He's Shutetsu's goalkeeper.
-Fight on! Tsubasa!
So that's Tsubasa's rival?
[announcer]
Well then,
both teams are in
the field and ready to go.
The line-up for Shutetsu
Elementary is as follows:
Forwards are number 9,
Teppei Kisugi, the scorer
and number 11, Taki.
There are four midfielders.
Number 10, Mamoru,
will be leading
Shutetsu's attack.
In defense, center back,
wearing the number 6
is Shingo,
who always makes
his presence felt.
And their goal
will be guarded by
the genius goalkeeper,
Genzo,
who never conceded a goal
in the national tournament.
Now, It's almost
kick-off time.
[gasp]
[chuckles]
[Teppei]
Is that you, Ryo?
Are you playing forward now?
You could say that.
Isn't it supposed to
be the new guy?
You mean Tsubasa?
Yeah, we thought he would
be a forward.
[laughing]
Don't you guys worry.
He's right over there.
[Genzo]
What's that?
[growling]
Captain, why is he playing
all the way back
there on defense?
You told us to cover him,
but he's playing defense.
[player 3] Who do we mark
now that he's back there?
[Genzo] Why is Tsubasa
playing defense?
I'm counting on you,
Tsubasa!
I got you covered!
[Koji]
What's going on?
Isn't Tsubasa supposed
to be a forward?
[growl]
I have no idea what stunt
you're trying to pull,
but it won't matter.
We will win this game,
no matter what happens!
You guys,
give it all you've got!
-Yeah!
[whistle]
[announcer] And so,
the kickoff starts the game!
This match will
not disappoint,
ladies and gentlemen!
All right, guys,
let's do it!
-Here!
-Okay!
Huh? No good!
Huh?
Nice!
-Hey there.
-[grunting]
-[laughing]
Kurata, pass it!
-Okay!
-Ah!
Ah! Come on!
[announcer]
Shutetsu is attacking.
They are connecting
complex passes
and steadily
advancing forward.
The ball has returned
to Mamoru,
the control tower.
Let's go!
-Yeah!
[announcer]
Yes, with Mamoru's signal,
Shutetsu's offense has
turned up the speed.
This guy is good!
Taki!
[announcer] He's passing it
to Taki in the wing...
Shutetsu is known
for this tactic!
[Ryo] I'm leaving it to you,
Sakurai!
[announcer]
After dribbling,
he crosses the ball
before the goal line.
Forward Teppei is
on the offense.
This is Shutetsu's plan
for certain victory.
All right!
[announcer] Will Shutetsu
have the first goal?
Whoa! Slide tackle!
Nankatsu has just cut
through Teppei's shot!
-[gasp]
-No way!
He got it!
That's Tsubasa for you!
[laughing]
[gasp]
Wow! Go Tsubasa!
I see now.
So, that's how
they used him.
[announcer] Oh wow!
Sh-Shutetsu's attack
has been stopped
in its tracks!
What are you doing?
Hurry up and take
the ball back!
-Oh, yeah!
[grunt]
[gasp]
[announcer]
No way!
I will stop you!
[announcer]
Oh! A superb feint!
Shutetsu can't even touch
the ball right now.
Who's that guy
in our team?
I didn't know
we had a player
who could handle
the ball so well!
Huh?
You guys! You didn't
know about him?
He's the one and only...
[Sanae]
He's the great Tsubasa!
Incredible...
Tsubasa!
Over here, Tsubasa!
Here, Ryo!
[announcer]
A long pass!
The ball is in front
of the goal now.
[Genzo] Tsubasa, why aren't
you coming up here?
This match is supposed
to be a contest
between you and me.
[grunt]
It was too high.
I got his pass!
Why are you passing
the ball to Ryo?
I did it!
No one's marking me.
[announcer] Ryo has entered
the penalty area.
Go, Nankatsu!
Try and block this,
Genzo!
[announcer]
Ryo takes the shot!
-Captain!
Why are you not
attacking me, Tsubasa?
[announcer]
He stopped it.
What was that?
[announcer]
Shutetsu's Genzo,
the best goalkeeper
of the country...
has stopped Nankatsu's shot
without even budging an inch
or batting an eye!
Come on, you guys!
There's one player that
matters in that team.
Hurry up and
score some goals.
I want you to score 50
in this match.
50 goals he said.
Mamoru!
[Genzo] Tsubasa...
Come and face me.
[Tsubasa]
Genzo...
I hope you know
this is a not just a contest
between you and me.